The update from version 0.4 to 1.0 contains the usual fixes,
improvements, and minor additions, but more importantly, there is a
change in some existing behavior that goes well with a move to 1.0.
The new behavior has to do with how domain information is passed
back.  With version 0.4 and previous, it was not always possible to
get all the domain information available, and it wasn't clear how
reliable that domain information was.  Version 1.0 addresses this
situation via updates to the rdx(), rgdx.param(), rgdx.set() and
gdxInfo() functions/wrappers.

For example, with returnDF=T the older gdxInfo() only returned symbol
indices.  This was fine when full domain info was available but when
the domain info is relaxed, no symbol indices are available: they
might not be stored in the GDX.  The new gdxInfo() adds a domnames
column to the information returned so that relaxed domain info is
available to the user.

The older versions of rgdx() returned the domain names in the domains
list element, but it wasn't possible to know if these names were full
or relaxed.  This implies that it was not certain that the elements in
the uels list element were really sets stored in GDX or just elements
taken from the data.  Finally, if compression or filtering was used,
the domain names were replaced with '_compressed' or '_user'.  The new
rgdx() adds a domInfo element to the return list which indicates
definitively how the uels returned were obtained: from full or relaxed
domain info, or as the result of compression or filtering.  With this
addition, we are free to return domain names in the domains list
element for all cases in which they are available.

The data frames returned by the rgdx.param and rgdx.set wrappers
are updated to include a domInfo attribute which reflects the rgdx()
domInfo return.  The existing domains attribute changes as the domains
return of rgdx() changes.  Perhaps most importantly, the value of the
global option gdx.domainNames changes from FALSE to TRUE, so that
whenever domain names are available, they are used as the column names
for the index columns of the data frames returned by rgdx.param() and
rgdx.set().  The old behavior for column names can be preserved by
setting options(gdx.domainNames=F).

